http3: document graceful shutdown (#76)
quic-go/docs: content/docs/http3/server.md

  As soon as the QUIC handshake completes, it is certain that any HTTP requests sent on the connection were not replayed, even if they were sent in 0-RTT data.
{{< /callout >}}

## Graceful Shutdown

> The `http3.Server` can be gracefully shut down by calling the `Shutdown`. The server then stops accepting new connections. Existing connections are served until all active requests have completed.

Author: ```suggestion
The `http3.Server` can be gracefully closed by calling the `Shutdown`. The server then stops accepting new connections. Existing connections are served until all active requests have completed.
```
